Voice docs updates (#35885)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/voice_control/expanding_assist.markdown

---
title: Expanding Assist
related:
  - docs: /voice_control/best_practices/
    title: Best practices with Assist
  - docs: /voice_control/custom_sentences/
    title: Custom sentences with Assist
  - url: https://www.nabucasa.com/config/
    title: Home Assistant Cloud
---

> Once you have completed the steps in the [Best practices](/voice_control/best_practices/) you are ready to go, but Assist has more ways it can be expanded and complemented for a further advance use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have completed the steps in the [Best practices](/voice_control/best_practices/), you have your bases covered and are ready to use Assist. This section provides some ideas on how to expand your setup for more advanced use cases.
```

## Prerequisites 

> Assist [up and running](/voice_control/) in any of the available devices and configured as per the [best practices](/voice_control/best_practices/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assist [up and running](/voice_control/) in any of the available devices and configured as per the [best practices](/voice_control/best_practices/).
```
